#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via notebook
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
idna==2.8
    # via requests
ipykernel==6.5.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonschema==4.2.1
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.0.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
ldap3==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.6.3
    # via yfinance
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via sympy
multitasking==0.0.9
    # via yfinance
nbclient==0.5.8
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
notebook==6.4.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
    #   yfinance
packaging==21.2
    # via bleach
pandas==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
    #   yfinance
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
plotly==4.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
progress==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.22
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via ldap3
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pywebio==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.11.2
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yfinance
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly
schedule==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   statsmodels
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
statsmodels==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.12.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   pywebio
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   user-agents
urllib3==1.25.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pywebio
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
yfinance==0.1.59
    # via -r requirements.in
